README.md, before:

# Readme - DDR4 IQ Capture


#### Running on RFSoC
```
!ping 192.168.1.101
z = zynqrf; z.checkConnection
z.ProgramRFSoC('ModelName','ADC_Capture_4x4_IQ_DDR4')
HDL_IP_setup_rfsoc
ADC_IO_Capture_DDR4_Read
```


#### To Do
- [x] Initialize LFS - run `git lfs install` on the CLI or setup LFS in GitKraken
- [x] Peruse Model
- [x] Read [Simplified AXI4 Master Interface](https://www.mathworks.com/help/soc/ug/model-design-for-axi4-master-interface-generation.html)
- [x] Read [Model Design for AXI4-Stream Interface Generation](https://www.mathworks.com/help/supportpkg/xilinxzynq7000/ug/model-design-for-axi4-stream-interface-generation.html)  

<hr>

##### Markdown
* [Markdown Syntax Guide](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
* [Markdown offline viewer Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/markdown-preview-plus/febilkbfcbhebfnokafefeacimjdckgl)  

##### Git Large File Storage
[Git LFS](https://git-lfs.github.com/)
provides a way to handle large binary files in the normal Git workflow without causing repo bloat.
This repository is setup to allow Git LFS to manage the ~33MB bit file generated by the hdl workflow:  
```hdl_prj/vivado_ip_prj/vivado_prj.runs/impl_1/system_wrapper.bit```

**Quick Start**  
On the CLI run `git lfs install` and you are done.  
Or in GitKraken, click File > Preferences > LFS then press "Initialize LFS on this repo."

Commit message:

Tweaked runHardware() and moved to +utilities package

README.md, after:

# Readme - DDR4 IQ Capture


#### Running on RFSoC


Manual Board Boot:
```
!ping 192.168.1.101
z = zynqrf; z.checkConnection
z.ProgramRFSoC('ModelName','ADC_Capture_4x4_IQ_DDR4')
HDL_IP_setup_rfsoc
ADC_IO_Capture_DDR4_Read
```
Alternatively, the first four commands and the required delays between them 
can be automated with `utilities.runHardware();` then followed by 
`ADC_IO_Capture_DDR4_Read` to begin streaming from the hardware.   

<hr>

#### To Do
- [x] Initialize LFS - run `git lfs install` on the CLI or setup LFS in GitKraken
- [x] Implement Object Oriented Initialization m-files
- [ ] Support all OOP Radar parameters in slx model
- [ ] Transmit arbitrary waveform from DDR4
- [x] Read [Simplified AXI4 Master Interface](https://www.mathworks.com/help/soc/ug/model-design-for-axi4-master-interface-generation.html)
- [x] Read [Model Design for AXI4-Stream Interface Generation](https://www.mathworks.com/help/supportpkg/xilinxzynq7000/ug/model-design-for-axi4-stream-interface-generation.html)  

<hr>

##### Markdown
* [Markdown Syntax Guide](https://guides.github.com/features/mastering-markdown/)
* [Markdown offline viewer Chrome Extension](https://chrome.google.com/webstore/detail/markdown-preview-plus/febilkbfcbhebfnokafefeacimjdckgl)  

##### Git Large File Storage
[Git LFS](https://git-lfs.github.com/)
provides a way to handle large binary files in the normal Git workflow without causing repo bloat.
This repository is setup to allow Git LFS to manage the ~33MB bit file generated by the hdl workflow:  
```hdl_prj/vivado_ip_prj/vivado_prj.runs/impl_1/system_wrapper.bit```

**Quick Start**  
On the CLI run `git lfs install` and you are done.  
Or in GitKraken, click File > Preferences > LFS then press "Initialize LFS on this repo."
